stupid stupid stupid or in stupid stupid
stupid or in stupid stupid stupid orange
stupid orange Oh Millennium Force you're
so stupid
oh so orange where do you want to go
today your mama's house now I ain't
going there tell you what I have a good
idea I know where to take you oh no I am
doomed I'm going to take you to go see
the cows cows I'm already looking at one
yeah keep it up and I'll feed you to
them
oh my Lydia poor's don't lie you know
you want to eat me
well after that we can go see this
Amtrak the Silver Star he's coming in
with two special Pullman coach cars and
their orange just like you nothing is
better than me Millennium Force
I am 100% flow too natural and you were
100% Florida whale
come on arms I'm gonna feed you to the
cows helmet lynnium force wish you could
get rid of me that easily
oppa vide of course what did the devil
is that ruddy this way they're emus hey
orange do you wanna see one what oh my
video boys get me away before I juice in
your hand huemul idiom force that cow
has thoughts I am Pinocchio eat my nose
limited voice you think that's so funny
alright orange he wants to eat eat eat
what over video boys what are you doing
you're so stupid
Millennium Force if he pecks me I will
be the last thing you'll ever hold
because you won't have no hands here you
go Moo Moo's Millennium Force wait till
you go to sleep tonight oh man minion
force I did not know you were visiting
your family you go hey cows once you
hear me sing stupid stupid stupid
balloon you for stupid
it's stupidity for stupid stupid stupid
info on our to be with you hi how was
that orange time to go home Lydia voice
you and your family are all so stupid
I got another place for you el
Millennium Force I don't like going out
with you Millennium Force you better
check your shoes for cow poop it stinks
in here
what well that smell must be coming from
your hat don't go there
helmet any of course I'm going to hold
my breath what do you mean you can hold
your breath why would you want to do
that here I go
ah over linear force you need to be
locked up and examined don't do that
while I'm driving again your moron
stupid every linear force when you were
bored the doctor had to slap your mama
because she couldn't stop laughing could
have gone to an accident don't you ever
do that again
it would have been your fault you're
driving here you better not do that
again
sound stay your normal size this time I
will show you my normal size pee-wee
Herman come on aren't your trainers
coming we gotta hurry if it were my
train I would be on it
Oh orange here he comes now
he's got private cars on the back you
mean their privates are behind them just
watch a train whatever
how is that orange it would have been
better if we hopped it now we can't hop
it they're private cars well we both
have privates Oh whatever if you weren't
so fat we could have ran after it Yeah
right open the knee of course you're so
stupid